all right my camera's a little off you
can see how excited gorilla gets about
eating his raw food let me get a little
closer to him all right a little closer
he's very excited obviously very
animated about eating that is a
semi-frozen piece of chicken and
bastards gonna walk over into the shade
for me but you can see by his coat he's
an impeccable shape here let me move him
a little bit he's growling at me again
for the he barely puts up with it with
me and you might want to consider the
fact if you're feeding Ron you got kids
don't let your little kids get near your
dogs when they get when they're on their
food because dog can like this can do a
lot of harm to a child and because of
human stupidity sometimes they do do not
let any toddler approach a dog while
it's eating raw there's something
primordial about an the act of an animal
eating raw and he's getting out of my
range he'll come back in when he goes
back to his food he still got the oil
won't come on gorilla you don't listen
to me he thinks there's a meat particle
somewhere around there but yeah I feed
him outside like this when I feed him
rock cuz I really don't want raw chicken
on my kitchen floor and everything the
other dogs get fed in their chain spaces
but obviously the gorillas a special dog
and he gets the home treatment you know
what buddy if you just cooperate and
stay within the range that'd be great no
I'll help you all are enjoying this no
this won't be in the DVD but I made it
today because what I posted up on peds
on lion was I guess questionable and I
didn't want a bunch of whistleblowers
contacting YouTube there's a healthy
turd and that's another subject let's
glad he's actually taking a turd because
we're going to take a good look at this
turd and compare it to what you kibble
feeders have first of all they're very
small they're very dry and it's great
for a video but that's it
hey don't you eat that on camera
it's probably healthier than qibla now
he's coming over here uh but uh that his
turds are extraordinarily small and
extraordinarily hard and dry and I'll
tell you what that means later on hold
on this let's take a close examination
of this here turd
alright this here is Silverbacks shadow
all the way this here is Silverbacks
turd it is hard I can squeeze it and
it's hard
it is not pasty this is like a rock you
don't put this in a slingshot and shoot
it why am i handling a turd on video
well because to show you these things
bounce when you have the above-ground
pens that I talk about and I go into all
this on my DVD this is just an impromptu
thing for fun but these things bounce
out of the above-ground pens and they go
through the slats when you feed kibble
all you kibble feeders that think you're
so smart feeding kibble these things are
pasty gooey things you can't squeeze
them like this they're pasty this thing
breaks apart it doesn't stick to
anything if you have a dog in an
aboveground pen and you feed raw your
turds go outside your pen so whatever
your time you're wasting or excuse me
whatever time that you're saving mind
you feeding kibble in the morning you're
actually spending scrub and shit out of
your pens me Ivan what I haven't had to
scrub out a pen in about 4 or 5 years
because of the simple fact these things
don't stick to my pens I just hose it
out with a hose and I'm done so that's
another point I'm not going to go into a
big length here but I made another video
because of yesterday's statement on peds
online that Hugh maniacs might have a
problem watching a DVD with a dog eating
a whole animal so just to save myself
the hassle I did this so I didn't mean
to digress into the terms but since he
took one on camera and figured what the
hell
let's see let's investigate this and
let's see the advantage of feeding rod
that is that was a whole chicken I mean
a whole chicken thigh
let's see beef liver beef tripe oils an
egg kefir it was a whole complement of
stuff that turned out to this a day's
worth of shit as that that's because
he's digesting everything
you kibble feeders have three times as
much shit as this I know you do and it's
all pasty and sticky and that's because
it is not biologically available your
dogs cannot digest kibble the way my
dogs digest my raw meal and I know none
of you kibble feeders has nine-year-old
dogs that look anything like silverback
so point made and that's all I'm going
to go into for now you guys have a good